AggLayer - Add a new connected chain to list (#660)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/agglayer/overview.md

### AggLayer service

> The AggLayer service is a service designed to receive ZK proofs from various CDK chains and verify their validity before sending them to the L1 for final settlement. Currently, the AggLayer service has two implementations: [agglayer-go](agglayer-go.md) and [agglayer-rs](agglayer-rs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AggLayer service is designed to receive ZK proofs from various CDK and non-CDK chains, and verify their validity before sending them to the L1 Ethereum for final settlement. Currently, the AggLayer service has two implementations: [agglayer-go](agglayer-go.md) and [agglayer-rs](agglayer-rs.md).
```
